Add wallet authentication endpoint (#202)
dxos/cli: packages/cli-app/README.md

The following URLs will be available:

- GET `/config/config.json`

###

> You can setup whitelist of public keys of profile identities in the Wallet Extension that can authenticated through endpoint `/wallet/auth`. In order to do so created a file in your `~/.wire` folder named `keyhole-whitelist.yml`. The file has to have the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can setup whitelist of public keys of profile identities in the Wallet Extension that can authenticated through endpoint `/wallet/auth`. In order to do so create a file in your DXOS profile folder named `keyhole-whitelist.yml`. The file has to have the following structure:
```

```yaml

>   publicKeys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  whitelistedPublicKeys:
```
